h1. sprinkle-stack *** alpha ***

_A sweet Rails stack - using *"Sprinkle":http://github.com/crafterm/sprinkle*._

*Warning:* Don't try this at home yet, still work-in-progress (~90%).

h2. Default stack

The default stack that will be installed/configured:

*Lang:*         Ruby/RVM (REE + 1.9.2 + Rubygems + Bundler)
*App-server:*   Passenger
*Web-server:*   Nginx
*Mail-server:*  Postfix
*Database:*     PostgreSQL (optional: MySQL, SQLite3)
*Monitoring:*   Monit
*HTTP-proxy:*   Varnish
*Cache:*        Memcached
*Security:*     Fail2ban, IP-tables/ufw, SSH-settings
*SCM:*          Git
*Shell:*        ZSH (oh-my-zsh)
*Tools:*        ntp, screen, curl, vim, htop, imagemagick
*Misc:*         logrotation of above (logrotate), default deploy user, default dotfiles

It's trivial to customize this, see _Advanced usage_.

h2. Requirements

* *Debian*-compatible systems should work, even though it has yet only been tested with *Ubuntu 10.10*.

h2. Usage

h3. 1. Clone the stack into your project

<pre>
$ cd my_app
$ git clone git://github.com/grimen/sprinkle-stack.git config/stack
</pre>

h3. 2. Install dependencies

<pre>
$ gem install sprinkle
</pre>

h3. 3. Configure

*Capistrano-way:*

Ensure you have specified your server host in @config/deploy.rb@:

<pre>
role :app, "example.com"  # ...or IP
</pre>

*Vanilla-way:*

Nothing, see below.

h3. 4. Setup server!

*Capistrano-way:*

<pre>
$ sprinkle -c -s config/stack/setup.rb
</pre>

*Vanilla-way:*

<pre>
$ sprinkle -c -s config/stack/setup.rb HOST
</pre>

...where @HOST@ is the remote server's domain or IP.

h3. 5. Relax

You will be queried a few options in the process, but other than that you are done.

*Optional:* "DJ Tïesto - Sparkles":http://open.spotify.com/track/2ET2q3HVLlx2DSIdyLn6xP

h2. Advanced usage

TODO

h2. References

* "Sprinkle":http://sr3d.github.com/GithubFinder/?user_id=crafterm&repo=sprinkle&branch=master
* "Amazon EC2":http://flurdy.com/docs/ec2/ubuntu/

h2. TODO

See "TODO":http://github.com/grimen/sprinkle-stack/blob/master/TODO

h2. License

Released under the MIT license.
Copyright (c) "Jonas Grimfelt":http://github.com/grimen
